Add changelog entry for 9.5.6 (#5100)
citusdata/citus: CHANGELOG.md

### citus v9.5.6 (July 8, 2021) ###

> * Makes `citus_prepare_pg_upgrade` idempotent by dropping a transition table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes minor bug in `citus_prepare_pg_upgrade` that caused it to loose its idempotency
```

Author: Each line can have at most 80 characters. This one has 87.

How does the following sound? It has 78 chars.

```suggestion
* Fixes `citus_prepare_pg_upgrade` bug that caused it to lose its idempotency
```

Reviewer: sure thing, bit sad that we lose clearity on the severity of the bug due to an imposed character limit, but if that is the case let it be.

Reviewer 2: Why don't we use multiple lines?

Author: I checked with @gurkanindibay and confirmed that multi-line changelog entries work on our packaging infrastructure now.

Updated the entry with @thanodnl 's suggestion split into two lines.
